[Fix #10216] Update the release documentation with feedback from the 21.7.0 release. (#1616)
twisted/twisted: docs/core/development/policy/release-process.rst

By the end of a Twisted release we'll have:

- Wheel and sdist package published on `PyPI Twisted project <https://pypi.org/project/Twisted/>`_.

> - Updated documentation (API & howtos) on `Twisted Read The Docs <https://https://docs.twistedmatrix.com/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated documentation (API & howtos) on `Twisted Read The Docs <https://docs.twistedmatrix.com/>`_
```

Prepare for a release
---------------------

#. Check for any regressions using `Trac regression report <https://twistedmatrix.com/trac/report/26>`_

#. Any regression should be fixed and merged into trunk before making the release branch

#. Choose a version number.
   $RELEASE will be something like 21.7.0 for a major release.
   $RELEASE will be something like 21.7.1 for a bugfix release.

#. File a ticket in Trac called "Release $RELEASE" and assign it to yourself.

#. Make a branch for the release.
   It's very important to use `release-$RELEASE-$TRAC_ID` as the branch name (4290 is Trac ticket ID, 21.7.0 is the release number) as this is used as a hint for CI:

   - ``git fetch origin``
   - ``git checkout origin/trunk``
   - ``git checkout -b release-21.7.0-4290``

How to do a release candidate
-----------------------------

> This section described the required to create the first release candidate.

Reviewer: I don't understand this line? A word missing?

Author: ```suggestion
This section describes the steps and requirements for creating the first release candidate.
```

Reviewer: Nice

Reviewer 2: Yah that's it, "required to create" tripped me up.

#. Announce the release

>    - Send a text version of the announcement to: twisted-python@twistedmatrix.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Send a text version of the announcement to: twisted@python.com
```

#. Announce the release

>    - Send a text version of the announcement to: twisted@python.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Send a text version of the announcement to: twisted@python.org
```

Apologies I got this wrong :/
